git-delete-tag: add page (#5948)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-delete-tag.md

# git delete-tag

> > Delete existing tags. A part of git-extras.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Delete existing local and remote tags.
> Part of git-extras.
```

> > More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/git-delete-tag>.
```
